# Meeting 2023-05-16

_Protocolled by: Giancarlo_

## Attendees

- Gabriel
- Moritz
- Samuel
- Paul
- Lukas
- Felix
- Thorben
- Giancarlo (Protocol)
- Ramzan (?)
- Markus
- Yvonne

## Buddies

- Giancarlo & Moritz
- Lukas & Felix
- Gabriel & Thorben
- Samuel & Paul

## Tasks for Everyone

To be done until **19.5.2023** (except of text):

- Talk to buddies: tooling for benchmarks etc.
- Push at least a very short Changelog to the branch meeting_notes/23.05.2023
- Update [sprint plan](https://github.com/orgs/ElektraInitiative/projects/4/)
- Do at least 8 reviews of other PRs in this week in main repo and submissions
- create PR in submissions with one two sentences of any text until **17.05.2023**
- review 2 other thesis by writing at least following 3 points:
  1. shortly say what you think that the author wanted to say
  2. which sentence was the most difficult one to read
  3. which are the (main) terms and are they used consistently

## Individual Tasks

To be done until **19.5.2023**:

- Paul: **UC timeline**
- Gabriel: **UC plant search**, (log)
- Samuel: **UC auth**, frontend auth, state refactoring, (components documentation)
- Moritz: **UC base layer** with fixed scale, DB review, (postgis?)
- Giancarlo: **UC plants**, copy&paste (nach redo), drawing layer integrate, seeds edit&delete (nur CI fixen), plants layer drag&drop (offen)
- Thorben: **UC map creation**, map properties
- Ramzan: PostGIS
- Lukas: PR permaplant, auth docu, (cargo)
- Felix: pre-commit, (priority, emails)
- Yvonne: Pavlo, https://tablericons.com
- Markus: use cases restructure

UC refers to a use case should be [ddone](doc/usecases/README.md) within this sprint.

## Agenda

- 09:00 welcome
- protocol: Giancarlo
- permaculture principles
- buddy talk: toolings
- Changelogs
- [sprint plan](https://github.com/orgs/ElektraInitiative/projects/4/)
- reporting CI issues:
  - retrigger, see doc/ci.md
  - create issue with error message
  - on urgent cases contact Lukas or Felix
- immediately fix CI problems/reviews in your PRs (as you want fast CI times/reviews)
- how to review

## Changelogs

**Please push progress important changes devs should know, e.g. decisions, in items below:**

- Markus:
  - improve use cases: https://github.com/ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT/pull/366
- Paul:
  - architecture: https://github.com/ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT/pull/352

## Outlook

## Meeting Notes
