# Meeting 2023-06-06

_Protocolled by: Samuel_

## Attendees

- Samuel (Protokoll)
- Gabriel (Protokoll done)
- Moritz (Protokoll done)
- Paul
- Felix
- Thorben
- Giancarlo
- Lukas
- Markus
- Yvonne

## Buddies

- Giancarlo & Moritz
- Lukas & Felix
- Gabriel & Thorben
- Samuel & Paul

## Tasks for Everyone

To be done until **2.6.2023**:

- Vote for date https://nextcloud.markus-raab.org/nextcloud/index.php/apps/polls/vote/18
- Get at least one use case (UC) [done](doc/usecases/README.md)
- Talk to buddy: permaculture principles
- update authors.md for last month (June)
- add related work/introduction for your thesis in submissions
- Push at least a short Changelog to the branch meeting_notes/06.06.2023 (new syntax, see below)
- Update [sprint plan](https://github.com/orgs/ElektraInitiative/projects/4/)
- Do at least 8 reviews of other PRs in main repo or submissions
- Read architecture (already merged) available as mdbook, see main README.md Part I

## Individual Tasks

To be done until **2.6.2023**, ordered by priority:

- Moritz: finish **UC plant search**, **UC base layer** with fixed scale in frontend with NC images, seed/(map) search in frontend
- Samuel: NC photos: for maps+base layer, components documentation, NC strukturen (circles, gruppen), landing page: (1) 2x chat msg, (2) chat window (3) gallery
- Paul: tracer bullet architektur, offline architecture/decisions, SEE offline? etc.
- Thorben: **UC map creation**, maps+layer API, membership application: user in our DB
- Gabriel: API for plants, **UC auth**, (**UC map search**, decision, log), **API plant/base layer**
- Felix: pre-commit, priority, emails
- Giancarlo: **UC plants**, copy&paste, drawing layer integrate, seeds edit&delete (nur CI fixen), plants layer drag&drop (offen)
- Lukas: Nextcloud, auth ansible, (cargo)
- Yvonne: Plant Relations
- Markus: Architecture, API

## Agenda

- 09:00 welcome
- protocol: Samuel
- permaculture principles part III
- Changelogs
- [sprint plan](https://github.com/orgs/ElektraInitiative/projects/4/)
- outlook

## Changelogs

**Please push progress important changes devs should know, e.g. decisions, in items with syntax `- change _(Your Name)_` below:**

## Outlook

## Individual Tasks

## Meeting Notes
