# Meeting 2023-03-14

_Protocolled by: Nursultan_

## Attendees:

-   Samuel
-   Gabriel
-   Moritz
-   Giancarlo
-   Nursultan
-   Lukas
-   Ramzan
-   Thorben Julian
-   Markus
-   Yvonne

## Buddies:

-   Lukas & Gabriel
-   Samuel & Nursultan
-   Giancarlo & Moritz

## Tasks:

_These tasks are to be done the day before the meeting_

-   Add question/action points in agenda
-   Speak to your Buddy
-   Create a PR with README.md and research questions in private submissions repo
-   Collect points by reviewing other PRs
-   Sign Vertrag
-   Update [Project](https://github.com/orgs/ElektraInitiative/projects/4/)
-   Nominate for “Best PermaplanT Companion”-Awards

## Agenda:

-   09:00 welcome ☺️
    -   Ramzan
    -   Thorben Julian
-   buddies
-   news
-   finishing M1:
-   remaining RC-bugs for seed use case
-   plant db finishing touches
-   frontend tests&docu
-   other important topics:
-   UX
-   DB
-   decisions: state&architecture
-   new UI sketch (from Yvonne&Markus) with short feedback from you (details afterwards in UI focus team)
-   scope & date for M2
-   [Project](https://github.com/orgs/ElektraInitiative/projects/4/) Planning for next iteration
-   Yvonne found [new database](https://permapeople.org/plants)
-   finishing & first discussions about assignment of use cases
-   10:00 closing & break
-   start UI focus team
-   in-detail discussion of UI sketch
-   mockup (directly with our framework?)
-   closing UI focus team

### Persons

-   Nursultan's questions ([link](#Nursultan)):
-   Person2's questions
-   Person3's questions

## Outlook:

_To be done until 20.3.2023:_

-   Review and correct research questions (in private submissions repo)
-   add TISS Entries (in private submissions repo)
    -   Matrikelnummer+Studium
    -   Beginndatum
    -   Erwartetes Ende (latest June)
    -   Titel (Deutsch+Englisch)
    -   Beschreibung/Abstract (Deutsch+Englisch)
    -   Schlagwörter (Deutsch+Englisch) [/ separated ]
-   Speak to your Buddy
-   Update [Project](https://github.com/orgs/ElektraInitiative/projects/4/)
-   Nominate for “Best PermaplanT Companion”-Awards

## Meeting notes:

_Please describe three points below that you want to discuss in the meeting in a few sentences._

-   lorem ipsum
-   lorem ipsum
-   lorem ipsum

## Extended personal questions

### Moritz Schalk

-   Regarding git workflow in submissions repository: When should we create pull requests? When can we push directly to master?

### Nursultan

1. persistent undo when deleting a map/plant etc. #90
    - scheduled deleting of a map/plant should be implemented either on the backend or server levels
    - need to discuss ideas with the Lukas and Markus
2. confidence and strength of specific relations (e.g. buddy, dislike, ...) and attributes (e.g. wind, ...)
    - Issue #88 / PR #89
    - go through open conversations on the meeting
    - task is completed on the structural level
    - since genus/subfamily/family CSV files are not fixed yet, metatables are initially empty(maybe confusing for other team members?). In order to fill them right now, we need to manually add the data to the database with queries commented out in [the migration file](https://github.com/ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT/blob/72e5b31f3e0f0fce449c7ee8bd60a51f38b8ab20/backend/migrations/2023-03-09-194135_plant_relations/up.sql)
    - We also already have prefilled CSV files for genus/subfamily/family, which consist distinct values of the corresponding attributes. We can also use these files to fill the metatables.
3. undo-redo functionality of the map #91
    - need a research on PostGIS
4. have a look at permapeople.org #102
