# Meeting 2023-05-30

_Protocolled by: Gabriel_

## Attendees

- Gabriel (Protokoll)
- Moritz (Protokoll done)
- Samuel
- Paul
- Lukas
- Felix
- Thorben
- Markus
- Yvonne
- Giancarlo

## Buddies

- Giancarlo & Moritz
- Lukas & Felix
- Gabriel & Thorben
- Samuel & Paul

## Tasks for Everyone

To be done until **26.5.2023** (except of reviews):

- Get your use case (UC) [done](doc/usecases/README.md)
- Self-register in keycloak (https://auth.permaplant.net)
- Talk to buddies: Talk about what you would like to read in Changelogs
- Push at least a very short Changelog to the branch meeting_notes/30.05.2023
- Update [sprint plan](https://github.com/orgs/ElektraInitiative/projects/4/)
- Create PR in submissions with the introduction of your thesis
- Do at least 8 reviews of other PRs
- Review 2 other thesis (in submission) by writing at least following 3 points:

  1. shortly say what you think that the author wanted to say
  2. which sentence was the most difficult one to read
  3. which are the (main) terms and are they used consistently

## Individual Tasks

To be done until **26.5.2023**:

- Moritz: **UC base layer** with fixed scale, DB review https://github.com/ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT/pull/287
- Paul: **UC timeline**, offline architecture/decisions
- Gabriel: **UC plant/map search**, API for plants, decision, (log)
- Samuel: **UC auth**, state refactoring, NC photos, components documentation
- Thorben: **UC map creation**, map properties, membership application
- Giancarlo: **UC plants**, copy&paste, drawing layer integrate, seeds edit&delete (nur CI fixen), plants layer drag&drop (offen)
- Lukas: auth ansible, (cargo)
- Felix: pre-commit, priority, (emails)
- Yvonne: Plant Relations
- Markus: Nextcloud migration

## Agenda

- 09:00 welcome
- protocol: Gabriel
- buddy talk: Changelogs
- Changelogs
- [sprint plan](https://github.com/orgs/ElektraInitiative/projects/4/)
- finish last decisions https://github.com/ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT/issues/2
- use cases https://github.com/ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT/pull/366

## Changelogs

**Please push progress important changes devs should know, e.g. decisions, in items below:**

## Outlook

## Meeting Notes
