# Meeting 2023-05-16

_Protocolled by: ?_

## Attendees

- Gabriel (Protocol)
- Moritz (Protocol)
- Lukas (Protocol)
- Samuel (Protocol)
- Paul (Protocol)
- Felix
- Ramzan
- Markus
- Yvonne

Cannot attend:

- Thorben (Protocol)
- Giancarlo

## Buddies

- Giancarlo & Moritz
- Lukas & Gabriel & Felix
- Ramzan & Thorben
- Samuel & Paul

## Tasks for Everyone

To be done until **12.5.2023** (KW19):

- https://nextcloud.markus-raab.org/nextcloud/index.php/apps/polls/vote/17
- talk to (non-)buddies: collaboration for benchmark/user study
- Push at least a very short Changelog and Progress Report to the branch meeting_notes/16.5.2023
- Update [sprint plan](https://github.com/orgs/ElektraInitiative/projects/4/)
- Do at least 8 reviews of other PRs in this week in main repo and submissions
- Thesis: Write Refinement of Methods (Reviews Next week)
- Update doc/authors.md (May)
- Create PR improving design by contract/assertions
- finish or report all tasks related to M2: plant UI, auth, maps DB, user-specific seeds

## Individual Tasks

To be done until **12.5.2023** (KW19):

- Paul: frontend architecture, timeline
- Samuel: state refactoring, frontend auth, components documentation
- Gabriel: auth, testing strategy, new integration tests, plant search
- Moritz: base layer (SimpleForm offen), DB review, base layer specific for maps+polygons, integration for plant layer
- Lukas: keycloak, left-over issues
- Giancarlo: copy&paste (nach redo), seeds edit&delete (nur CI fixen), plants layer drag&drop (offen)
- Thorben: map creation+alte PRs me, DB, Versioning, save&load, map properties
- Ramzan: PostGIS
- Yvonne: Pavlo, https://tablericons.com
- Markus: PRs mergen

## Agenda

- 09:00 welcome
- protocol
- Welcome Felix (help with CI)
- Introduction game
- progress:
  - strict deadline for small tasks (e.g. voting)
  - best-effort for larger tasks (e.g. implementing features):
    immediate states before review is possible etc. ok
- [sprint plan](https://github.com/orgs/ElektraInitiative/projects/4/)
- Definition of Done (of a use case)
  - documentation: clear for others how changes/extensions should be done
  - integration tests: demonstrate what works
  - issues closed: moved to Done in https://github.com/orgs/ElektraInitiative/projects/4/views/1
  - mark as "Done" in use case + changed if necessary
  - write Changelog for meeting
- Retrospective first Half
- features/current progress M2:
  - select plants
- Tools
  - https://unlighthouse.dev/
- conclusion: faults of the month

later:

- 14:00 integrating auth (Lukas, Samuel, Gabriel)

## Changelogs

**Please push progress important changes devs should know, e.g. decisions, in items below:**

- auth:
- frontend integration
- architecture: https://github.com/ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT/pull/352

## Questions

**Please push questions in items below:**

## Progress Reports

**Please push a short progress report in items below:**

- Giancarlo
- Adding plant from toolbar
- And Copy & Paste of shapes

## Outlook

## Meeting Notes
